
ramazan-onur-acar
compiling...
running...
input0.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input1.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input10.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input11.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input12.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input13.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input14.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input15.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input16.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input17.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input18.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input19.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input2.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input20.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input21.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input22.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input23.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input24.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input25.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input26.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input27.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input28.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input29.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input3.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input30.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input31.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input32.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input33.txt testing...
Timed out - killing 66117
input34.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input4.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input5.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input6.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input7.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input8.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output
input9.txt testing...
wrong number of arguments
bad output

